Added glossary docs (#868)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/user/glossary.md

# Glossary

Here we provide definitions for several commonly used Cursorless terms.

## Action

The action being performed on a target, such as `"chuck"` (to delete), `"post"` (to place your cursor after a target), etc.

## Content range

The [range](#range) containing the content of a target. This is the range that will be used when selecting a target, copying a target, as the source of a `"bring"` command, etc.

## Domain

The [range](#range) within which a [scope](#scope) is valid/active. For example, the scope type `"key"` is valid anywhere inside its containing key/value pair, and `"funk name"` is valid anywhere inside its containing function.

## Iteration scope

> The parental [scope](#scope) in within to look for new instances of the current [scope](#scope). `"take every line"` will look for lines in its `iteration scope` which is `document`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A canonical [range](#range) for a given [scope type](#scope-type) that defines a list of sibling [scopes](#scope).  For example, the iteration scope for `"arg"` is an argument list.  The iteration scope is used for things like `"every"`, to select all sibling scopes.  This allows us to say things like `"take every arg"`, `"pre every line"`, etc.
```
